NotImplemented:
Make tests for all combination of types for all operators
Make sure we get DataTypeError for bad ones
How to do this? Either throw in methods (annoying to implement for vectorized TiList ops) or try/catch around actual use of operators. Can we catch TypeError and actually see which types were involved, or can we only see that indirectly in the string message?


Refactor window: inner object

Restructured end_block: what do you think?

Test: DelVar the for-loop index
Test: Weird programs that jump into blocks, jump out of blocks, use If to skip End

fill: Error message is wrong, it says it expected a list when a matrix would have worked.
Fail on empty list helper?
sort: fail on empty list, what about dim mismatch?

I'm still wondering if there's some way to unify the logic between variables and nullaries.
I've been looking into how the stat variables work, and it's a bunch of read-only variables. They're probably better off being nullaries rather than variables, and now I'm wondering if variables should implement the same interface. In the end, I don't think so, in part because there are commands like For( that take a variable... I'm not sure. It seems like there might be something there.
I've also thought about trying to unify nullaries and regular functions: nullaries could take an ArgParser and check if there's an open parenthesis for the ones like rand that can take optional parameters... but I think they're better off being their own thing. Note that there are still some finance variables we'll have to implement later that are also nullaries that can take parentheses, too.

test_store_wrong_data_type: break into sub-tests?
test_copy_string: okay to share internal data?

Can you make some program tests that test the logic of skip_statement and skip_block, as well as capture (thunk parsing)?
I refactored the skipping logic to be more concise, but I want to test the edge cases, such as:
STORE closing strings
quoted colons/commas
Any other edge cases

Thunk:
Hard to tell if commands are straight-up invalid
On the calculator, I think it's impossible to write a seq( command that produces zero elements

Rename Thunk to Formula

Earlier I was removing all the explicit conversions to float, but that was actually correct.
The calculator only deals in floating-point numbers, and we should only be using ints internally.

The program table in Environment should probably be a dataclass called ProgramData, and have a reference to the name of the program. Then the class Program be given a ProgramData and then it would know its own name, which would be good for debugging if nothing else.

I'm also wondering if we can redo nullaries using this. Like instead of nullary and function being different fields, they'd be combined somehow?

Rename Environment to Calculator

Interface: Input, Prompt, Disp, Menu

move signals

vectorized: require_number???

Aho-Corasick parser for testing

Make sure deg symbol vs D/M/S format is working

Add aliases to any token that has a character that can't be typed on the keyboard



Commands:
solve( fMin( fMax(

Drawing:
Line( Vertical Pt-On( Pt-Off( Pt-Change( Shade( Circle( Horizontal Tangent DrawInv DrawF ShadeNorm( Shade_t( Shadeχ²( ShadeF(
pxl-Test( Pxl-On( Pxl-Off( Pxl-Change(
Text(  #!!!
StorePic RecallPic StoreGDB RecallGDB

Modes:
Horiz Full IndpntAuto IndpntAsk DependAuto DependAsk Time Web

Finance:
tvm_Pmt tvm_I% tvm_PV tvm_N tvm_FV Pmt_End Pmt_Bgn

I/O:
Pause Input Prompt Output( ClrHome DispTable Menu(

χ²-Test??? It has a weird display

********

Convert python's math errors to TiErrors

I want to refactor the tests a bit:
Move stat tests to their own file
Move memory tests into test_tibasic, and refactor the existing tests to be more like memory_test, which I think is a little more concise. I don't think we need the env fixture.

I realized xth_root/sqrt need env access because Real/a+bi mode determines whether to return imaginary numbers or raise NONREAL ANS.
And you know what? All this env stuff is kind of killing me. I probably won't do it, but would it really be that horrible to make Enviroment a global variable? It would still be a class, but it would be a singleton, and all the methods that need it could remove env from their params and just access environment.ENVIRONMENT or something.
At this point it's not worth it, and I guess I could imagine a situation where you have multiple TI-Basic programs running at the same time, but man. At least it would replicate the frustration of everything being a global variable...
Anyway, please give me your honest opinion on this idea. I almost certainly won't do it, because it's really not a good design, but I'm wondering if there's actually a case for it.

I finally got the Variables into a state that I can tolerate. I now have get/set (these are the "unsafe" methods) and resolve(raise or set default on undefined) and store (validate input). Let me know what you think, but I really just reworked the existing design.

UGGGHHH I KING OF WANT VARIABLES WITH ENV INTERNALLY

Tests to make sure lists/matrices/strings actually copy the value, not the reference

Some thoughts:
Variables are kind of weird, it feels like they shouldn't always need env as a parameter.
I like that tokens contain a "Variable" that's just an immutable accessor, but I feel like maybe Token.variable should be a function that takes env and returns an independent object that does get/set. What do you think?
I also still don't like the token design where it contains an array_name, validator... these things are class variables at best, putting them in the constructor is weird.
Additionally, I modified list/matrix variable to copy on write, which is fine, but it's not exactly validation anymore.

Does no_args end the command? This is very unclear.

move vectorized to tiobjects
rename end_val
ClrAllLists GetCalc( DelVar 	
test: undefined numerics initalize to 0, lists/matrices error
Custom numeric classes for formatting?
Better pos tracking for exceptions
make them IntEnums for easier testing?
new function paradigm: decorators for everything
Can we Record position of token for exceptions

I don't like that current_program is called with a name.
Maybe we can make a dummy program that's returned if there aren't any active programs, and all of its methods throw errors.
Instead of:
a.current_program('Goto').goto(name)
We can do:
a.current_program.goto(name)
Which raises InvalidCommandException("Goto cannot blah blah")
This would require making Stop/Return methods for program just so they can fail.

There's something we need to rethink about commands. It starts with this: ClockOnClockOn is actually valid! *Some* commands that take no args can be bunched up like that. ClockOn is one of them. However, you can't do NormalFloat. I'll probably just have to try them all on my calculator.
Currently, NormalFloat raises ArgumentError, because it's parsing it as Float being an argument of Normal. It should just raise a TiSyntaxError, though.
Also, note that DelVar (deletes a variable) can be bunched up, like DelVar ADelVar BDelVar C.
This actually might not be hard to implement: the command parser could just have an alternate ending method that doesn't consume the separator.
DelVar takes exactly one argument, so this makes sense.

But this is part of a deeper problem: no-arg commands. Even more complex are commands that can take 0 or more args, like Disp. (With no args, Disp just shows the home screen.)
Maybe we do need a CommandArgParser after all!
Upon creation, it could check if it's at EOL, and have that as a property.
It would also have the no_args() function that ensures this flag is set.
As you can see, I've made a workaround for no-arg commands like End, but it's not perfect.
What do you think about all this?


How to replace peek (and kill EOF_TOKEN):
Create these methods:
next_is(Token): same as peek() is Token
next_in(set[Token]): same as peek() in {...}
Weird idea: define __in__ in token to be the same as __eq__
next_matches(Callable[[Token], bool]): intended to usually be called by doing next_matches(Token.is_numeric_var)
We'd also need a replacement for peek().function is not None, but that's not hard
For cases like f"Too many arguments: unexpected {self.peek()}", we could create a method like peek only for throwing messages, which returns repr(token) or "END OF INPUT"
Maybe EOF_TOKEN is fine! But can we make it a subclass of token that explictly defines its methods to return False?
Maybe we could even make a common interface that EOF_TOKEN and Token both share, which could even help reduce cyclical imports!
We could make an ABC called Token (or StreamToken), rename tokens.py to catalog.py, and rename the Token dataclass to... I don't know, something better than TokenImpl. It could be Token(StreamToken)

UserListVars could be None sometimes?
Should var.get have a "default" param?
Is catching UndefinedError bad practice?
Possible solution: OffsetVar defines an abstract method that just returns the right list on env, so that .get can handle the "check None, raise Undefined" logic

New idea: CommandArgParser should be responsible for eating the end-of-statement separator.
Of course, there's a weird split between functions (always take parentheses) and commands (may or may not). So we might need three total ArgParsers, possibly with a linear heirarchy. Alternatively, CommandArgParser just has two end methods, one of which closes the parentheses; both expect a separator.
Or maybe there's just one ArgParser after all, with three end methods!
close_paren()/end_func()
close_paren_and_end_statement()/end_paren_cmd()
end_statement()/end_cmd()
Not sure what the name should be, these might not be the best. But I do think this is better than different ArgParser subclasses, since they'd all need corresponding decorators, and it would still be up to the functions to decide how they're parsed. It's not like this distinction would move to another file; it's just a matter of which decorator they use vs. which end method they call.
Anyway, once the command has parsed its arguments and reached the end of the line, it calls the appropriate method on Program.
This simplifies If/Else as we now only need to peek a single token.
It also clears up the strange situation where even after a jump, the parser expects to read the following separator. This seemed to be okay in practice, since it would always read *a* separator, but I see it as conceptually wrong.
I'm also thinking of trying to get rid of the EOF_TOKEN if possible. Parser.run should loop while self.pos < len(self.tokens), rather than looking for EOF, though this will require some re-working as sometimes EOF is returned by peek. I'm hoping these can be changed without complicating too much.  I never liked EOF_TOKEN either since it's not a real token. I even had to give it a code value so functions like is_numeric_var wouldn't blow up. (Side note: those functions probably should be properies!)
The non-command branch of _exec_statement will now need to consume the statement separator too after this change.
Also, if I discontinue CommandArgParser, should I remove the "command" property on token? Commands and functions could both use the "function" field, but then use a flag to differentiate which one they are. On the other hand, I think the distinction between functions and operators is correct.


1. Oh, I actually thought skip_statement would eat the separator. Why wouldn't it?
2. I was thinking we wouldn't have any new decorators -- form_funcs would just be responsible for calling the right end-parse method themselves.
3. I'm fine keeping EOF_TOKEN for peek if you think that's the right call, I just kind of don't like how we're calling is_numeric_var on it.

skip_block: Else without If doesn't count

More ideas:
* Would current_program make more sense as a method that also throws InvalidCommandError if there's no running program? It could also take as a parameter the name of the calling command.
* Could the goto function in Program use parse_label_name?
* As an FYI, in the tests, I prefer using the command name rather than the token name, so For( instead of FOR.
* _for_continues: I'd make this non-private and rename it check_for_condition
* I'm trying to avoid having functions that use ArgParser access the inner parser object, since it could cause a desync. Instead of a._parser.skip_block(), would it make sense to do a.current_program.skip_block or something()?

Commands that can't be run outside a program raise ERR:INVALID on the calculator. Can you make InvalidCommandError and throw that in these cases?
Lbl: no .end() call to ArgParser
Helper method to get numeric vars, using indices is awkward. Something like var(env, 'A')
I'm thinking it could look up any variable by matching to the general token lookup.
This would probably only be for testing, so we probably wouldn't want to put it on Environment.

Looks great so far, here's some feedback:
RerturnSignal/StopSignal are clever, but I don't think they should be TiErrors! I'd argue these exceptions don't even belong in errors.py.
Also, where is StopSignal caught? It should be caught somewhere!
All the instanceof checks in end_cmd suggest this should be done with polymorphism!
ArgParser should probably have a "currently executing program" property, otherwise it seesm kind of wrong to read the "private" parser field!
parse_label_name probably should be a member of ArgParser, not Parser
Should eat_close in CommandArgParser raise an error if the next token is not COMMA/NEWLINE/R_PAREN? Or will Parser do that on its own?
Finally, please write some program tests! I think these should go in a new file, program_test.py.

Looks like a good start, and I guess all the commands need to be implemented in forms. But for now, a few issues:
It would be nice if the variable in ForFrame chould have the actual Variable type. Is there a way to resolve that dependency?
Can you make the Frame objects have a base class for typing purposes?
The try-finally doesn't match how the calculator works: an error anywhere terminates the whole execution.
Why does run_loop skip empty statements? They're valid and the parser correctly handles them by doing nothing. And an If statement will actually skip an empty line, so we can't pretend they don't exist.

If, Then, Else, For(, While, Repeat, End, Lbl, Goto, IS>(, DS<(, Return, Stop

Statements vs lines: Lines are separated by NEWLINE, statements are separated by NEWLINE or COLON. Can you go through the parser and make sure this terminology is consistent? For example, parse_statement seems like it parses the entire input; the inner loop parses "statements" (which are treated the same as lines, I guess, other than colons don't break strings.) Both that method and the public API "parse_line" should probably signal that they parse the entire token stream (which they do, right?)
I guess this depends on how programs work, which I've given some thought to, and I think that's the next step. But for now, how should this be organized?

Program should be a class that primarily keeps track of loops. I'm thinking maybe Parser should actually keep track of the program's position within the token stream. The Program class would push some kind of object on the stack whenever it encounters For/Repeat/While that tracks the parser's current position, and resets it to that position when End is encountered. It probably also handles labels, though I think labels are implemented in the calculator in a pretty lazy way: whenever Goto is encountered, the program jumps to the beginning, then iterates through statements (this is a little complicated because it can't just split on colon/newline since colons can be in strings) looking for the corresponding label. If it gets to the end and doesn't find it, it raises ERR:LABEL. I don't think it registers labels if it encounters the during standard execution, and it doesn't cache them either. In theory, Parser could already handle labels as is, though Goto/Lbl are invalid outside of a program.
Environment will also have a stack (maybe use deque) of currently active programs, because programs can call programs and then return to the calling program. Overall I don't think Programs are that complicated, they just add some extra features to the existing token evaluation.
The structure is a little cyclical:
Environment has a list of programs, stored as a dict. Here, programs might just be a list of tokens, though in theory they need a protected and archived flag... though many variables need an archived flag, so let's worry about that later.
It also has a stack of currently active programs. These are the aforementioned Program objects.
Programs contain a Parser and a stack of Loop trackers. They may not need much more than that. The parser invokes commands that operate on the current program on the stack, which can begin/end loops. If/Then/Else also needs some kind of handling, though this probably doesn't need to use the loop stack.
Still not sure how to best implement labels. I don't like the idea of having to scan every token, but it might be necessary because we need to split on non-quoted colons plus newlines. There may be an alternate parsing method that would speed this up, but I'm not even sure that's what the calculator is doing.

Do we need a purefunctions equivalent for Environment?
enum for RADIAN/DEGREE
trig functions actually do need access to the environment so they can see what mode the calculator is in!
Coordinate conversion use these trig functions so they also need it.

So there are basically three types of functions: pure functions (consume all available params), env functions(same as pure, but also pass env), and forms (custom parsing)
Here are some other ideas for reorganization:
* Basically keep the decorators I have, but the four that transform the function into taking ArgParser as input actually return a full object with a __call__ method. __call__ calls the original method (with vectorization, if applicable), but the new object also has a method call_wuth_parser (or something else) that only the TI-Basic parser calls.
* Go back to using different optional params: pure, env, or form, which apply one of two wrappers (or no wrapper). Basically what I was doing before, but add a third field for wrapping functions that need env but no special parsong.
* Decorators more like this: ti_function(env=True, vectorized=True) just to be more explicit
* Don't do anything radical and just move some of the code around to organize it better.
What do you think of these?

Equ►String( String►Equ(
►Nom( ►Eff(
Improve get_token, read_token

Improve parameter names in purefunctions
matr_to_list: lists do not have to equal matrix columns. there can be fewer or extra (which are ignored)

$RFLCTA should be an error

test: matr_to_list/list_to_matr

Empty list literals should be invalid. Additionally, calling augment with one or more empty lists should result in InvalidDimError. Calling most functions on an empty list should also result in InvalidDimError, but dim( still returns 0.

Go through all commands, check to see if they're vectorized correctly

use Token instead of string as nesting key

Is there any concern that in the time tests, the time might be different between setting and checking?
ArgumentError: wrong number of arguments specified
DataTypeError: wrong type of an argument or operand

freq_list

add a peek method for ArgParser that just calles _parser.peek ()
Improve matrix methods
rowswap, etc: better implementations that don't copy unnecessarily

Instead of _make_variable, have the tokens create the variable. This would be easy since most variable tokens are created in a loop.

check that date/time formats are correct

Environment: screen
96 columns, 64 rows
What's the best data structure for this?

Right now I'm planning on changing tokens to have no dependencies, and link the functions/commands to tokens elsewhere. One thing I'm stuck on is the text representation of tokens. This came up in getDtStr/getTmStr, which may be the only functions that return strings that aren't derived from user strings, and necessitated the Char_ class. Once tokens are decoupled from functions, this could be changed to directly operating on tokens. In general, I don't want to make strings and tokens interchangeable, though. It is nice for testing to be able to reference "seq(" and not having to do get_token('\x33') or something, but that should mostly be for internal use. Of course, since this is a TI-84 simulator, I do want to be able to save strings as text files, and it is true that every ascii character has an equivalent on the calculator, so I made an ascii field for those tokens. But there are also weird things like the negation sign vs. minus sign.
Another related problem is how to organize the tokens. First, we have the giant list of all tokens, which is nice if you want to iterate through them all, but maybe that should be discouraged. At least for testing a text-approximation-to-token map would be useful, though there's weird stuff where some tokens have the same text, and we should make sure the "ascii" tokens take precedence. For getDtStr/getTmStr and maybe a nonstandard writeStr method, we might also want an ascii-only lookup table. For reading .8xp files, we need to be able to look up tokens by their byte code. I'm not sure there are any good reasons to iterate through all the tokens after building those lookups.
A couple other ideas: should all tokens be constants? Should Pxl-Change( be assigned to the constant PXL_CHANGE? (And if so, maybe we break the standard styling and match the capitalization to get Pxl_Change; maybe operators are still uppercase like SUB.) I actually kind of like that; it would make testing easier. I'm also wondering if the token() utility method should be doing the work of setting up the data structures like the full byte-code table or the text/ascii lookup. I kind of want the tokens to be an enum, but I don't think I gain much from doing that, and it would just make them more verbose to work with, since I'd have to reference Token.PXL_CHANGE or something. But if, like enums, the full lookup table for them was built automatically, that would be convenient.

time test: could tests fail if the clock is right between seconds?
In the tests, I like how the toks utility method tries to full-match strings before parsing them as chars, but can we leverage that more in the tests?
For example, instead of:
parse_line(toks(T('sum('), T('seq('), X, COMMA, X, COMMA, 1, COMMA, 4, R_PAREN, R_PAREN), env)
We can just do:
parse_line(toks('sum(', 'seq(', 'X,X,1,4))'), env)
Or even do tokens.seq instead of 'seq('. The T() function should not be necessary.
But can we cut down on the boilerplate even more? Instead of parse_line(toks(...), env) is there a way to just do: run('2X', STORE, 'A') or something like that?
Run would have a varargs of token-parseable objects and a kwarg for env. Is this doable in the test framework?
Remember, `TiList == ...` does not return a boolean! To check the value of a TiList, you have to do `ti_list.data == ...` or `list(ti_list)`

I'm switching you to using Opus to think about this problem:
Can you take a look at this parser at the big-picture level and tell me if you think it's the right approach? Keep in mind that this parser models how the TI-84 calculator works, and I feel like none of the calculator's behavior should be too difficult to model, given that it's also a piece of software that's (mostly) well-written and well-tested. Specifically, I'm hoping there's a way to do the Thunk parsing that's more elegant than what I currently have. How do you think the calculator is capturing the formula of a seq( call?
Two things to consider: braces/brackets can't be nested. Does that simplify things? Also, _capture_opener might just need a delimiter stack of some sort, rather than trying to be a recursive function. I feel like the logic of _capture_opener/_capture_subgroup could at least be combined somehow.

according to the nDeriv( page, nDeriv( can be nested up to one time.
See the file in "webref/Error Conditions - TI-Basic Developer.htm"
expr can't be nested at all.
What's the best way to handle this?

I tried this on the calculator: SCI_E can only take a numeric literal as its exponent (rhs). However, that numeric literal can be in DMS format, indicating that it was the right call to integrate that logic into the numeric literal parser. Can you change the parser to fix this?

Go through tokens, link any methods that are currently unlinked, such as augment
Can you implement expr, and also create a decorator for forms functions that only need the environment and don't need any special parsing?

Can you implement expr, and also create a decorator for forms functions that only need the environment and don't need any special parsing?

Can you implement and link the following functions?
getDate, getTmStr, getDtStr, dayOfWk, timeCnv, setTmFmt, setDtFmt, checkTmr, setTime, setDate, dbd
I'm not sure how we should implement get/set time. Maybe have a field in Environment that's an offset from the system time?

I tested this on the calculator:
In Radians mode:
5° gives you 0.0872... when in degree mode, and 5°5'5" gives you 5.0847...
In Degrees mode:
5° gives you 5, 5°5'5" also gives you 5.0847
So DMS format ignores the mode and always interprets as degrees. I fixed this in the parser, but I'm wondering if there's a better way. In theory, we could have the DEG postfix handle it somehow, but that would require peeking ahead by two tokens, I think, so this way seems easier.

Can you implement the degree symbol?
DEG converts a number from radians to degrees if the calculator is in radians mode (should be a setting in the environment).
You can also write a number in degrees/minutes/seconds (DMS), but it must be a numeric literal, like 180DEG30'3". No expressions are allowed as any of the terms, not even parentheses. However, the terms don't need to be whole numbers.
Make a DMS class in tiobjects that inherits Number, whose only difference is that it displays numbers in DMS mode.

Can you make a convenience peek_digit_or_dot to simplify the code?
Also, one way to impliclty allow applying degrees to lists but not matrices is to divide rather than multiply, since matrices can't be divided

% operator

Make a special VarArray subclass for numerics that stores None as the default, but sets to 0 when you try to access a variable with value None

Tell me about the logic behind if entry_type == 0x000d:
Make sure new file read/write code makes sense!
Do this myself with cemetech

After realizing that I had to redo the eq/ne functions to handle strings, it made me realize that I should go back to my original strategy of using magic methods.
I've implemented them, but can you take a look at my work? I especially want to know if the matrix operators look good.
Is there anywhere else I can return NotImplemented to simplify the code?

We actually need a TiString class that contains a list of tokens

Mixing delimiters doesn't work!
[[dim({1,2 NOT VALID
[[dim(rand(2 VALID
{length("123 VALID

Is [2] valid???
rand is nullary but can also be called like rand(7) to generate 7 random numbers
Let's talk about delimiters. The parser never expects you to close them, but this is only partly correct: delimiters don't close other delimiters! For example, ({7) is not valid.
Possibly the way to handle this is with exceptions. Parentheticals/lists/matrices could raise an exception when not closed, but then it's caught and the next token is evaluated to see if it's a valid close-all token like STORE
Additionally, Colon closes all delimiters EXCEPT quotation marks (Store arrow DOES close quotation marks)
As a side note, converters also close all delimiters except quotes
But I'm not sure this is the best way. What other ideas do you have?

{1->A Should be allowed as a way to create a user list without the prefix. (Can be up to 5 characters, as usual)

for tokens.py:
Consult the scraped data for better descriptions
Also add a params field, like for seq( it should be "formula, variable, start-value, end-value [, step]"

File format info: https://gist.github.com/SimonEast/244a0fd04526ea1acbec2e2ceb2e7924

Change ListRef to be the same as whatever interface Token implements/wraps to handle variable storing
Can always store to L1(1) or even index 1 at user lists

Enforce correct data type when storing (3->L1)!
Maybe there should be a special file for guard statements, though it would have to import TiList/Matrix, so maybe those should go in a separate file, too.
I think variable type enforcement should be done by making a Variable class in environment.py, which implements get(env) and set(env, value).
Then Token can have a "variable" field, instead of having resolve/store methods. That does mean we'll need to handle nullary functions a little differently, and they should probably get their own method. Also, I think rand is the only non-variable that would get a store method, so just make that another special case in the parser, like how it handles dim(.
Remove ListRef in favor of passing Variable objects

Direct linking variables
guard statements

Environment: clever way of doing var tables based on byte codes, most can be arrays
Is there any concern of a circular import with TiList/TiMatrix? If so, you can move those to a separate file.

Get rid of all refs on tokens! environment is responsible for making lookup table of functions

tokens that start with "►" and don't use parentheses (like "►DMS") are a special type of command I'm calling a converter, and they're only valid as the last token in a line. Like the "store" arrow, they also implicitly close all parentheses/brackets/quotes
Basically, lines can take these forms:
<expression> (does nothing by itself other than side effects, updates Ans)
<expression>[->]<variable>
<expression><converter>
<command>
However, converters can also be applied to Disp/Output! I'm not sure there are any other instances of valid converters mixing with commands. Disp 1->X gives an error, though.
Certain functions take a list variable basically as an output parameter, such as Matr►list. You've implemented this in purefunctions, and while it is a "pure function" in that it doesn't have side effects, it has to take as input one or more list variables, not expressions that evaluate to a list. In the current paradigm, these functions would have to take a parser as a parameter so they could do custom argument parsing.
Here's another idea: by default, functions/commands take expressions as parameters, but in the "token" convenience method, maybe there could be an optional parameter that describes the parameters. For example, seq( would be [thunk,real_var,expr,expr,expr?]. This might get more complicated than just doing custom parsing, though. Especially since Matr►list would be [expr,list_var*], with a vararg parameter.
Maybe the parser could at least have convenience methods for this? I'm not sure the best way to handle it because, due to the commas/ending parenthesis it seems like you'd still have to give it pretty explicit instructions -- you couldn't just say parser.parse_thunk_arg(); parser.parse_real_arg(); parser.parse_expr_arg(); unless the parser kept track of some kind of internal state to handle commas. Maybe it could spawn a child object that had state?
Something I just tried:
Prompt A,1
This prompted me to store a value to A, then errored, since 1 isn't a variable. This means the calculator is evaluating very lazily. I probably do either want direct access to the parser, or the aforementioned arg-parser child object.

Refactor TiMatrix so it has 1-indexed getters/setters. When possible, use these in commands.

fix xth_root arg order

Three function types:
pure_func: if the function takes pre-parsed arguments and doesn't need access to the environment. Function should be defined in a purefunctions module.
env_func: same as pure_func, but does have access to the environment. Function should be a member of Environment class. Are there actually any functions like this? I think there are some that depend on the state of certain variables.
func: the actual function called by the parser, takes the parser as input, because it does some special parsing of its arguments. Not sure where this should be kept. In the parser class?
Alternatively, maybe these special functions don't actually get raw parser access, but instead receive all their arguments as Thunks, some of which may be evaluated immediately. This would be a little less efficient, though.

Commands are similar to functions, except can't be nested (a command must be the first token in a line) and have no output. They typically modify the environment (drawing on the screen) or they manage program flow. Some commands use parentheses ("Line(") and some don't ("Horizontal ")


You don't actually need an environment for most functions!
token has an instance method parse_func

Move all functions to Environment, make them instance methods
VariableToken subclass of Token, implements store and resolve

Remove token categories, we'll rely on other fields to determine this
Remove token descriptions and move them to a JSON file that maps hex codes to the description

What token does the calculator use to separate lines?

Use @vectorized/@complex
TiList/TiMatrix

E10 by itself is valid (E is the scientific notation token), so E should be considered something more like a regular term that does implicit multiplication, except that on its right side, it does 10^x

rename these fields:
call_fn -> func
execute_fn -> cmd
unary_op_fn -> unary_op
binary_op_fn -> binary_op
value_fn -> resolve

Variables shoould also implement resolve!
New field: store(env) function for variables, also rand, but not dim since it takes an additional argument and makes more sense as a special case

Okay, I have a pretty big change in mind: I want to make the important tokens, or maybe all tokens, top-level objects. Like this:

L_BRACKET = token(b'\x06', "[", "symbol", "Opens a matrix literal", key='[')

And then include this reference in my big list of tokens.
Alternatively, I could have the "token" method add it to the list automatically.
Ideally tokens would be enums, but I feel like Python enums aren't great for complex objects. But I want it to be similar to that.
Also, instead of the operations module defining a lookup table, each token would have a reference to the function/command/opoerator it implements.
Finally, in the parser, token comparison would be done by comparing actual token objects. You could do `if token is L_BRACKET` instead of comparing the byte code. Does this seem like a good change?